1. Write down clearly what I want to profile and why
2. For each what - write down my hunches, initially these will be guesses but it will be useful to calibrate MY intuition over time
3. Design HOW I will profile and HOW I will measure what I want to
4. Design how I want to display the results
5. Run tests - 10 times
6. Analyse the findings - see if they make sense, and note down MY reasons
   on why it could be the case, pair it against Casey's findings in percentage terms, not absolute numbers.
7. Run a sense check with AI and also see what kind of gaps and holes I might have had in my assumptions


What do I want to profile?

1. File loading + stats time - 
I want to see how much time the OS needs to actually do the reserving of the memory I have requested. How much time is shown per mmap call. Is this actual - read file from disk and dump into physical frames time or just a short - run some checks, make note of reserved ranges in VMA.

Keep in mind that this also includes things like Opening file, closing file
getting size of file, and overheads for other defensive code written
Don't laser in on pure mmap cost right away as having too many intrinsic calls
could further populate the costs.

2. Actual per buffer Parse costs
Each JSON Buffer maintained, HOW MUCH Time does it take to parse it?
Out of this parsing cost - how much Time goes into getting each double?
maintain a total for both. Having an average makes no sense...an average per
JSON string sounds useful but has little value to me in terms of performance
optimizations I could DO. I can't change the JSON string length, or file itself (for now - so total is sufficient)

3. Actual cost in calculating haversine distances.
it is interesting to know on average how much cost a single haversinefun call takes - as some optimizations could lie there too.

4. Actual cost in summing up all the distances calculated and calculating the benchmark

5. The FULL time from start to finish, 
this - sum of above 4 goes into misc (- not sure what they could be yet)
The overheads from calling the timers themselves
The initial setup costs
The ending costs
In freeing memory - the munmap for getting rid of the distances memory is iffy
It's very much an approximation, the only "reliable" number from this
entire experiment will be the percentage share of each step in overall costs


Steps

Refactor the parser so that it is easier to profile and measure
individual parts.

for example. It's probably best to 
1. Dump entire file into memory and get its cost seperately.
2. Then its best to get costs for allocating space for all the structs
   in memory.
3. Then it's best to figure out total cost to parse the dumped into memory file
   into the JSON structs.
4. Then it's best to take the cost of the actual haversine distance calculation
   - here go for sum AND average.
5. Then its best to get the final sum and statistical benchmark calculation
   cost.

Refactor Parser -> Run a test check to see refactored parser works as intended
-> Remove test checks -> Include cputimer calls and measuring harness


Notes
1. Point 4 on storing all structs - is impractical. How can I know in advance
how many pairs are there and hence how many structs I WILL NEED?
that would need a quick scan through the entire JSON file - does that get factored into the cost?
Also - in production would it really be practical to store so much memory
when the sums can be accumulated in one variable? Yes the code is not
supposed to be production grade but more vanilla, still, this seems 
impractical even in such a context
the time for 4 and 5 will need to be merged..unless of course
I know the number of pairs, if I KNOW it will be 10 million exactly at each
time, then I can keep it this way and do the analysis as is.
SO for now, I assume that the number of pairs EXPECTED To be parsed is GIVEN.

2. I am struggling with the timer overhead. On one hand, I want to see how 
much getDouble costs - but timing that inside the parser 10 million times
will inflate the PARSER cost quite a lot. 
the better solution would be to estimate the GetDouble cost roughly
outside the main program loop by passing it 1000 dummy string values - generated at random within the range, and TAKING its average - this * 10mill
can tell me how much of my parsing time is due to the conversions

Results

1. The overall chunk being eaten up by Parse is not surprising, also confused by memory        allocation and deallocation costs, though I WOULD EXPECT this number to be false. 
Given the OS does more on demand and lazy allocation, I have reason to believe that
even in the case of mmap - the file is being read ON demand and that initial first read
or access to each page cost is spiking up and driving the Parse costs

2. The GetDouble cost being Around 60% of parse time and 52% of the overall program
is again within expectations given my very rudimentary way of conversion. I would expect
quite a few savings here through optimization. Question is - where do the other 
2.3ish seconds come from? - some chunk of these MUST Be from page faults since we touch
new pages for the first time as I read through the mmapped memory, the os has to
1. allocate, 2. maybe do more stuff to back that page up with actual file data (unsure here)
but there are also copies into an internal buffer, if branches. Need to hold that loosely.

3. Haversine function itself is quite slow too, but given that it is already 1 second for 10m pairs, it's pretty low on the optimization list